VARIN
Terms of Service
Please read these terms carefully before using our services.

1. Acceptance of Terms
By accessing or using any of Varin’s services ("Services"), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service ("Terms"). If you do not agree to all the terms of this agreement, you may not access the Services.

Using our services indicates your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, which describes how we collect, use, and share your data.

2. Use of Services
2.1 You must comply with the following rules:

Do not use the Services for illegal activities.

Do not attempt to use or command the bot with harmful or malicious intent.

Do not send spam or inappropriate content.

Do not violate copyrights or the intellectual property of others.

2.2 Your Rights:
You have the right to use our services as defined in these Terms. We may suspend or terminate your account if you violate any part of this agreement.

3. Intellectual Property Rights
All original content and services provided by Varin are the property of Varin and are protected by copyright laws. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, perform, publish, license, or sell any part of our content.

If any developer or service provider creates or modifies content in a way that closely resembles our services, your access may be suspended. We also reserve the right to file a copyright report to Discord or pursue legal action in severe cases.

4. Limitation of Liability
Varin is not liable for any damages arising from the use or inability to use our services, except for direct or indirect damages.

The Services are provided "as is" and "as available" without any warranties, except for suitability as determined by our team.

5. Changes to Terms
We reserve the right to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If changes are significant, we will make efforts to notify you at least 30 days in advance. Any changes will take effect immediately upon being posted on our website or from the effective date stated.

Your continued use of the Services after any changes to the Terms constitutes your acceptance of those changes.

